Exactly.
Su Xue is the woman I want to dedicate to Long Shuai
If you let Long Shuai know
Someone dares to place his trust in his woman
I don't need to do that.
Long Shuai will take action himself
Destroy this trash Tu Chen
Yes, Longshuai County is blood-stained
Anyone in front of Lord Long Shuai
It can only be wiped out
And maybe my Feng family can still rely on Su Xue
Become the first family in Haicheng
I don't know.
You take care of yourself.
Hahahaha
Dongfang Xie Family
Bajia in the south and Jinjia in the north
Send a jade glass cup to the Queen of the Southern Tang Dynasty, etc.
third-class baotai
Send 50 sets of Dragon Villas and other second-class treasure platforms
Send Liao Sheng Shengyao
Jinling Qi and Blood Umbrella 72 equal fifth-class treasure platform
4 big families welcome Long Shuai to open the door to heaven
Restart the English Hall
What about a gift for your Feng family?
4 big families welcome Long Shuai
You get it empty-handed.
My Feng family has naturally prepared for progress
And he didn't get on the True Dragon First Grade Treasure Platform
Haha, True Dragon Yipin Baotai has been around for hundreds of years
No one has ever reached the top
Your Feng family is giving Long Shuai
What kind of precious gift did you give?
Hahahaha
Take it easy everyone
The leader of my Feng family is here
initiation
This sedan chair
What I do inside is to open the door to heaven for Lord Long Shuai
Open the gift prepared by the Hall of Heroic Souls
This gift is the first beauty of Sea City to rest
It's really called the first beauty Su Xue
Hero sad beauty pass since ancient times
If Long Shuai receives this gift
It must be Long Yan Dayue
It seems that this year's first-class talent
You must be at home
Make my Muse Queen
So brave